removing credential format specific parameters from Offer Credential in Appendix (#109)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

#### Credential Offer

> The following is a non-normative example of an object comprising `credentials_supported` parameter of Credential format `jwt_vc_json`:

Reviewer: It's not a new problem but I think this sentence is incorrect?

```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of type `jwt_vc_json`:
```

Reviewer 2: `jwt_vc_json` is not credential type, it is credential format.

Reviewer: Okay, that's a good point and I think that means some of the others are wrong then? But for starters would this be right:

```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer for Credential format `jwt_vc_json`:
```

That example is definitely not an example of `credentials_supported` so the current sentence is definitely wrong.

Author: I think you are correct, good catch

Author: resolved

#### Credential Offer

> The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of format `jwt_vc_json`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of Credential format `jwt_vc_json`:
```

#### Credential Offer {#issuer_initiated_issuance_ldp_vc}

> The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of format `ldp_vc`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of Credential format `ldp_vc`:
```

### Credential Offer

> The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of format `mso_mdoc`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Credential Offer of Credential format `mso_mdoc`:
```
